It is really first a center that allows the genome to execute
the genomic program.
It is an important system for organizing the totality of my
embryo.
In other words, if I don't have this axis, I have no reference.
It's a bit of a reference, the system.
This means that when we work on it, we will simply allow the body to regain a reference.
What does a child really need in their growth?
even from a baby,
it's a reference for calcium.
If I lose my reference over time,
I have a degradation of my ability
to restructure or integrate calcium.
It's the loss of my reference line,
even our heart of soul.
That is to say, I lose, I move towards death.
When I start to go towards osteoporosis,
I no longer have the strength for the loss.
I degrade.
So it's a very important line.
for the ascension of my sacrum, for the development at the sacrum level.
It is a force
of compression for the sacrum as well, especially with this notion of the SSB
and the sacrum which will
influence the balance on the sternal plane. Finally, all future integration in
development,
that is to say, the establishment of the notochord, that is my ventral midline. My
ventral midline will induce
my dorsal midline. And my dorsal midline is my neural tube. And
we will see that the neural tube will be built from my notochord.
In other words, it is my notochord that will induce the
formation of my neural tube. In other words, it is my notochord that will induce
the formation of my posterior nervous system.
And the posterior nervous system will grow and bring everything back to the center which will form
the anterior midline.
This is what we will see.
In this movement, I have the entire integration of my cranio-sacral axis
which is reflected on the anterior part, at the sternal level.
Sternum, that means my star stretching around June 18th.
June.
The embryo looks like this.
An endodermic layer, a notochord with
lateral mesoblast,
Now if I take this and turn it towards me, it looks approximately like
something like
that. Above I have a neural plate
which will become a
neural groove. The neural groove
will reorganize the fluid structure of my mesoderm.
will cause the appearance of a primitive lateral aorta.
The internal mesoderm does not grow at the same rate
as the neural plate,
which will lead to a phenomenon of embryo flexion.
In this phenomenon of embryo flexion, the part of the neural tube
will first become
a neural tube and then directly a posterior neural axis.
So, as in this movement, there is a restructuring of my internal fluidic system,
internal fluidic system,
the lateral aortas appear, organize themselves,
but they don't grow at the same rate,
which means that the embryo is slowed down forwards, but it is pushed from behind.
And so there is a coiling of my embryo that occurs, you see,
organized by my aortas and my amniotic cavity,
which coils even more.
around and which orient themselves.
And that's how my vitelline vesicle
comes to deposit itself
on the embryonic pellicle to form the umbilical
cord. And at the same time,
the entire anterior part is attracted
forwards to form the future
sternum and the placement of my heart.
This is how the three midlines are built.
Notochordal, the posterior midline
which is the midline
of the neural tube and the anterior
midline which is the midline of the primitive
tube. This embryo will perform this coiling.
there. And we will explain exactly how this appears. You
have the precise explanation
of how all the articulation surfaces work, which are linked
to the same operating algorithm, that is to say, in fact, we organize ourselves around
its fluidic system.
Because it will organize the entire delimitation of my embryo, with
synchronicity,
synchronicities, precise inductions. The midline.
ventral, will
cause the development of dorsal
diseases
which, in turn, will cause the development
of anterior medial diseases.
anterior.
Integrated into the different diaphragms,
thoracic diaphragm,
cervical thoracic and
urogenital diaphragm.
We will integrate further into the
different diaphragms, since there are
at least seven diaphragms.
This is where we will see the development of
my urogenital, metabolic digestive,
rhythmic, neurosensory system, where we can say mineral, vegetal,
animal, human.